feat: add fortune telling app (#62167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-fortune-teller-app/68c38c3275a149b3cfed312a.md

---
id: 68c38c3275a149b3cfed312a
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
---

# --description--

> In this Workshop, you are going to build a fortune-telling-app step by step.

Reviewer: workshop doesn't need be capitalized here and we don't need to mention step by step since campers will already be familiar the structure of workshops by now 👍🏾 

```suggestion
In this workshop, you will continue to practice working with TypeScript by building a fortune telling app.
```

> Begin by declaring an interface named Card. Inside it, add the following properties    `name` and `name_short` with type string and for `value` you should have type union of `string | number`

Reviewer: This feedback is for missing backticks for the `Card` interface and rewording the instructions a little bit. 

```suggestion
Begin by declaring an interface named `Card`. Inside the `Card` interface, add the following properties: `name`, `name_short` and `value`. The `name`, and `name_short` properties should have the types set to `string` and the `value` should have a union type set to `string | number`.
```

`
name
name_short
value

> `

Reviewer: this looks like it doesn't need to be here because the instruction are pretty clear how to complete the `Card` interface.

Reviewer 2: so we don't need them?,  i will remove it
